modules/vpc_endpoint/README.md, before:

# vpc_endpoint

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 5.4 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 5.4 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_opensearchserverless_vpc_endpoint.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/opensearchserverless_vpc_endpoint) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | n/a | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | n/a | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_security_group_ids"></a> [security\_group\_ids](#input\_security\_group\_ids) | n/a | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | n/a | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | n/a | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | Unique identified of the VPC Endpoint |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

add descriptions to variables, add security policy, add vpc endpoint modules

modules/vpc_endpoint/README.md, after:

# vpc_endpoint

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 5.4 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 5.4 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_opensearchserverless_vpc_endpoint.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/opensearchserverless_vpc_endpoint) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Whether to create the vpc endpoint. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The name of the interface endpoint. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_security_group_ids"></a> [security\_group\_ids](#input\_security\_group\_ids) | One or more security group ids for inbound traffic that you are authorizing to your endpoint. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_ids"></a> [subnet\_ids](#input\_subnet\_ids) | One or more subnet IDs from which you can access OpenSearch Serverless. Up to 6 Subnets. | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | VPC ID from which you can access OpenSearch Serverless. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | Unique identified of the VPC Endpoint |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
